hello dear audience heartily
Welcome to the flashing light of the
Regensburg maidult I do not know what
you did yesterday on mother's day
maybe they were eating ice cream or here
on the dult and should have something
get a little heart when her mum 1
daniela negroni fan then they would be
yesterday at physio hacker right
been there was namely the former
dsds candidate to guest but not to himself
to have your hair done
Do you still know these pictures hurt from
female fans in front of the hairdressing salon
hack everything for a look
would have done her daniel to one
casserole as it was three years ago
not yesterday
it was more of a personal meeting yes
and pay attention to the hairstyle
adult is the former
dsds candidate turned fans on
apparently too
in
while some are very close to their idol
were allowed to be the other the
hair nice the perfect
mother's day present or vice versa
donated to the daughter well anyway
daniela negroni and inklusion hacker
do music together now
together on tour through germany and
Austria star alarm living room concert
tour is called the whole that daniela
we can know that singing but that mike
egger could play piano was us
not known yet
both of them have certain dexterity
is taking very important was music already
always my hobby I have that earlier
also a bit more professional
Of course, quite clear otherwise could
I make the center with the dani
yes that fits quite well together
we also find the perfect duo
In any case, fans are from far away
arrived and hopefully that
not just because of daniele or
I'm already in Vienna for him
or something little a concert
Driven from that no matter how far you go
all of a sudden you will be worth it
now external only from hanover here
hazards
what does the mom and dad say yes mine
So mother is also there
daniele yesterday in frankfurt today here
and today was that Mother's Day
gift from my daughter but also
from my husband so the wine we have
the gift for mother's day apropos
mother's day daniele what do you have yours
mom actually gift maybe one
mold my mother had a present still
not that I do not have
say because she's sitting behind you
it's definitely a song
but what was actually the next
gift to the mum
the most original gift my
I 've got her birthday present
Tattoos completely mom always close to
Hearts there you can have one
slice off guys but we
always knew it
daniele negroni is only outward
cool interior is quite soft and it
not only women love him
Of course, dear spectators, you can
then her crown and mike egger also for
Book your living room to find all the information
on the facebook page of stara and
not only the danieli negroni fans have
on the weekend a long way away
but also some
dultbesucher